Modernize Docs (#328)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-hyperlink: README.md

<!-- AURO-GENERATED-CONTENT:START (FILE:src=./docs/partials/description.md) -->
<!-- The below content is automatically added from ./docs/partials/description.md -->

> The `<auro-hyperlink>` element is a wrapper element for an HTML `<a>` element containing styling and behavior.

Reviewer: Lots of "elements" in there.

```suggestion
The `<auro-hyperlink>` element is a wrapper for an HTML5 `<a>` anchor element. This contains styling enabling multi-brand theme support as well as behavior and accessibility improvements over the HTML5 stand anchor element.
```
